faraday-xml can now both encode and decode XML (#21)
lostisland/awesome-faraday: README.md

- [follow_redirects](https://github.com/tisba/faraday-follow-redirects) - follow HTTP 30X redirects
- [encode_xml](https://github.com/AlexWayfer/faraday-encode_xml) - encode XML requests (responses decoding is included in `faraday_middleware` gem)
- [decode_xml](https://github.com/soberstadt/faraday-decode_xml) - decode XML responses

> - [`XML Middleware`](https://github.com/gemhome/faraday-xml) - encodes requests as XML, parses response body into a hash of key/value pairs, and provides access to parser/encoder primitives for handling whatever needs arise

Reviewer: How about 
```suggestion
- [`XML Middleware`](https://github.com/gemhome/faraday-xml) - encodes requests as XML, parses response body into a hash of key/value pairs, and provides access to parser/encoder primitives for any custom handling.
```

Author: Great! I wasn't sure about the words there and very much prefer that change
